
# Canvas Quiz Review (CQR)

> Program for reviewing Canvas quizzes

Canvas Quiz Review consists of two programs to review quizzes taken in the [Canvas Learning Management System](https://www.canvaslms.com/).

The first script **cqr_parser.py** is used to process the HTML source used to display a previously-taken Canvas quiz. **cqr_parser.py** will process multiple HTML files searching for questions and their answers and write the questions to a CSV file called "quiz.csv."

The second script **cqr.py** reads the quiz.csv file to load questions, then quizzes you over those questions and calculates your score. **cqr.py** can also be used with files not generated by csv_parser.py as long as the quiz.csv file is in the following format:

```
QuestionID,Question text,|[answerOption1, answerOption2, *correctAnswerOption1, ...]|
```

> Note: The verical pipe `|` character is used as the quoting character in the CSV file. For fields containing commas, "quote" these fields with the pipe so that the field is not parsed into pieces

**Currently, only multiple choice question types are supported.** Several correct answers among a set of optional answers are supported.

## Usage

### cqr_parser.py

First view one or more Canvas quizzes and save the *Frame Source* to various files on your computer.

>Note: do not save the *Page Source*; save the *Frame Source*. The quiz results page does not contain the HTML with the quiz questions, but rather the inner frame displayed on the page.

Then, run the script as follows:

```
python cqr_parser.py quizHtmlFile1 [quizHtmlFile2 ...]
```

This will produce a *quiz.csv* file to be read by **cqr.py**.

### cqr.py

Run as follows:

```
python cqr.py [options]
```

where `[options]` include the following:

```
--color:    Run with colored output (won't work in Windows CMD)
--shuffle:  Shuffle question order
```


The script will open *quiz.csv* and begin quizzing the user. For each question, enter a number for your answer. End the quiz by answering all the questions, or interrupting the script with Ctrl+C. Your results and score will be displayed.
